				Success	Success	Success	Fail	Fail
Quest Title	Description	Success Items	Reward	With Item	Wrong Item	No Item	With Item	No Item
Tilling the Soil	"That's it, need help tilling. Contact if willing."	"Hoe, Shovel"		You're a hard worker. Looks like your tools broke though. Sorry.	"Not sure how you did all that tilling with [item], but I'm grateful."	"You're a hard worker, good with your hands."	Why'd you think you could till a field with [item]? And now it's all dirty and messed up.	This work isn't easy without the right tools. I thought you would have your own. Maybe try helping some other people.
Planting Season	Time got away from me and I need help sowing my fields.	"Hoe, Shovel, Garden Fork, Trowel"		"Looks like you went a bit overboard and broke those tools! Fields are done though, thank you. "	"Not sure how you did all that planting with [item], but I'm grateful."	All that planting by hand! Good on you.	Why'd you think you could plant seeds with [item]? And now it's all dirty and messed up.	Planting isn't easy without the right tools. I thought you would have your own. Maybe try helping some other people.
Starting a Garden	"My back isn't what it used to be, and I could use some help planting in my garden."	"Seeds, Hoe, Shovel, Garden Fork, Trowel"		"Thank you, and so thoughtful to bring [item] for me."	"Thank you for your help! I don't know why you brought [item] with, but thank you for that too."	Thank you for your help!	Oh I suppose you can't use [item] to plant seeds.	Oh it seems this work might be too much for you. Perhaps if you had some tools to help?
Harvest Time	I'm looking for workers to harvest my crops with me.	"Basket, Shears, Bucket"		Good harvest. Glad you brought tools with. 	Good harvest. Weird that you used [item]. I wouldn't have.	Good harvest. Just working with your hands.	You weren't much help out there; maybe because [item] isn't the right tool.	"Not much help out there, maybe if you had some tools of your own."
Too Many Rocks	"I'm expanding my farm, but the new field is full of rocks. Looking for help removing them."	"Shovel, Hoe, Bucket, Basket"		Quite a few rocks. Thank you kindly for your work.	Thank you kindly. Impressive how you used that [item] today.	Thank you kindly. Hope your hands don't hurt too bad.	You left a lot of rocks behind. Maybe because you don't use [item] to dig up rocks?	Looks like your hands got real beat up. Sometimes you just can't do it by hand.
"Water, it's what plants crave"	Can anyone come by to water my crops for me? I won't be able to for a short while.	"Watering Can, Bucket"		Everything looks so lush! Thank you.	Thank you! You…used [item] to water the crops? Interesting.	"Thank you! You say you cupped your hands to move the water to the plants? Oh. Well, it worked."	Ah. The fields look a bit dry. Maybe if you had a watering can instead of [item]?	Ah. The fields look a bit dry. Maybe if you had a watering can instead of cupping your hands?
Too Few Cooks	"I planned a huge party and promised to cook for everyone, but I'm just one person! Would…one other person…be willing to help me?"	"Pot, Pan, Steak, Chicken"		Thank you so much! Sorry you had to bring your own supplies.	"Thank you! I have no clue how you did that with [item], but thank you!"	Thank you!  	Oh. This food isn't very good. Maybe you shouldn't cook with [item].	Oh. This food isn't very good. I think we need some more kitchen tools.
Sawyer Who?	"Listen, I love painting, but I want to spread the fun. Anyone want to paint my fence?"	"Bucket, Paintbrush"		"That was fun, right? And thanks for the [item]!"	"Fun, right? Weird that you used [item] to paint though."	"Fun, right?"	Guess I need to do this myself. You can't paint with [item].	Guess I need to do this myself. You can't paint without a brush.
Lost Dog :(	My dog ran away! He's energetic and doesn't respond to anything. Please get him back for me please?	"Steak, Chicken"		Good thinking luring him with that steak!	"Wow, I can't believe he ran up to you like that! And you used your…[item]?"	"Wow, I can't believe he ran up to you like that!"	Oh…he ran away from you. Maybe he was afraid of the [item]?	Oh…he ran away from you. I guess I should have expected that.
You're Too Slow	I think I'm the fastest runner around. Is anyone here quick enough to help with my training?	Shoes		Wow! You're fast. Kinda ruined your shoes. Sorry.	Wow. You're fast! What's with the [item]?	Wow! You're fast.	"Not fast enough for me, sorry. What's with the [item]?"	"Not fast enough for me, sorry. What's with the [item]?"
Really Big Fish	I saw this massive carp the other day - you wouldn't believe it. Nobody believes it! Can someone get proof for me? I know what I saw!	"Worms, Fishing Rod, Bucket, Chicken, Basket, Net"		I knew it was real! Good thing you had that [item].	I knew it was real! But…I don't want to know what you used that [item] for.	I knew it was real! And you caught it barehanded? Amazing!	What's [item] for? You didn't find the fish?	You couldn't find it either? Aw man.
A Night Out	I can't remember the last time I heard silence. Will anyone watch my children? Anyone? Please?				I guess the kids liked [item]! Thank you.	"Wow, you're great with kids!"	My kids didn't seem to like [item]. 	"You aren't very good with kids, are you."
Frogs!	"Does anyone want to go frog catching with me, next time it rains? You might get muddy."	"Bucket, Basket, Net"		Yippee! We caught so many frogs in that [item].	Yippee! You caught so many frogs with…[item]?	You caught so many frogs with just your hands!	"Aw, you didn't catch very many frogs. I don't see how you would with [item]."	"Aw, you didn't get very many."
Butterflies!	The weather is beautiful! Someone join me for butterfly catching?	Net		"Oh wow! They're so beautiful, you're good with [item]."	"Oh wow, they're beautiful! And you caught them with [item]?"	"Oh wow, they're so lovely! And they just landed on you?"	"Oh no, you didn't catch any? Using…[item]…"	"Oh no, the butterflies don't really like you."
Worms!	Wriggly! Wiggly! Let's go find some worms in the mud!	"Bucket, Shovel, Trowel"		Wiggly! Wriggly! Squirmy! Wormy! You're good with [item].	Wiggly! Wriggly! Squirmy! Wormy! How'd you get so many worms with [item]?	Wiggly! Wriggly! Squirmy! Wormy! How'd you get so many worms with just your hands?	No worms? Why do you have [item]?	No worms today? Maybe we need a shovel.
Worms.	Looking to go fishing soon. Need some more bait. Someone dig up some worms for me. Thank you in advance.	"Bucket, Shovel, Trowel"		I'll do some good fishing with these. Thank you.	"Not sure how you pulled it off with [item], but I won't complain. Thank you."	You caught those worms barehanded? Good for you.	No worms? Maybe you shouldn't use [item]?	No worms? Maybe try a shovel next time.
Butterflies.	"Doing scientific research, looking for new types of butterflies, seeking assistance in expanding my collection. Please and thank you."	Net		Ah! Marvelous. Thank you.	"Ah! Wonderful, though, what is [item] for?"	"Ah! Wonderful, and you caught them…with your hands?"	"Ah, no luck? Perhaps [item] isn't the tool you needed."	"Ah, no luck? Perhaps a butterfly net would have helped."
Frogs.	Teaching children and in need of examples. Does anyone have some frogs they could lend me?	"Bucket, Basket, Net"		Oh! Wonderful specimens. My thanks.	"Ah! Glorious, and you used [item] to catch them?"	Oh! You captured them barehanded? Very good.	You couldn't find any? Perhaps it's because you were using [item].	"No frogs? They are quite slippery, barehanded is oft not the best approach."
Scarecrow Down	"My scarecrow is gone! Will anyone stand in for a bit? Not for that long, honest."	"Shirt, Hat, Pants"		"Thank you thank you! Though, I'm sorry the birds ruined your [item]. Not too scary I suppose."	Thank you! [item] was a nice touch.	Thank you! You must be terrifying. (To birds).	Oh there are birds everywhere! I suppose [item] can't scare them.	Oh there are birds everywhere! Maybe if you had something else to help you scare them.
Explorer!	"My mom says I can't go into the woods alone, so will someone join me on my adventure?"	"Bucket, Fishing rod, basket, net, shovel"		That was a good aventure! Your exploring items were very helpful.	That was a good adventure! [item] didn't seem particularly helpful though.	That was a good adventure!	That wasn't very fun. I think it's because you brought [item].	That wasn't very fun. You should have brought something fun.
A New Nook	My house has become a bit cramped and I'm looking to do some construction. 	"Hammer, Saw"		It's beautiful!	You're great with [item]. Not sure how you pulled it off though.	You sure are good with your hands.	"Oh no, this is not going well. Why are you using [item]?"	"Oh no, this isn't good. I guess we should have used tools."
But I Just Painted	"I feel like I just painted, and here I am again! Painting! Looking for help this time."	"Paintbrush, Bucket"		This was so much better with you here.	This went so quickly! Even if you did paint with [item].	You can really paint!	There's paint everywhere! Why did you use [item] instead of a paintbrush?	I think this would have gone better if we had a bucket for the paint.
Fashion Week	"I've made so many clothes now, but I need a model so I can see how they look."	"Hat, Shirt, Pants, Shoes"		"Seeing your clothes, and then mine, it was wonderful!"	Oh your [item] really brought the outfit together.	You. Look. Amazing.	Your [item] really ruined everything.	"It isn't you, it's me. (not that I'm the one wearing the outfit)."
Flew the Coop	All of my chickens are gone. Gone! Need help retrieving chickens.	"Corn, Net"		Good thinking with that [item]!	"Not sure how your [item] came into play, but my chickens are back!"	You chased them all down? Incredible!	"Couldn't catch 'em all, huh? Well it was about 151 chickens, so expectations were low. And your [item] probably didn't help."	"Couldn't catch 'em all, huh? Well it was about 151 chickens, so expectations were low."
SPIDERS!!!	"There is a HUGE spider in my house oh please help, please help, someone please take care of this spider okay?"	"Bucket, Net, Shoes"		It's gone? You swear? Thank you!	How did you use your [item] to get rid of it???	"You smacked it? EW! I mean, thank you."	WHY DID YOU GO IN THERE WITH YOUR [item]????	"Scared you away too? Well, I feel a little better that I'm not alone at least."
"Eeek, a Mouse!"	"There's a mouse in my house! Someone come take care of this, please?"							
Post Haste	"I need some letters delivered around. Right. Now. It's so hard though, can someone else do it for me?"							
Popular	"I told everyone I had cool friends, but…I don't have any friends. Will someone pretend to be my friend please?"							
King for a Day	"I want to get my partner a special gift, so I thought a servant for a day would be cool! Is…is anyone interested in doing that?"							
WRESTLE ME.	"I AM LOOKING FOR SOMEONE TO WRESTLE. CONTACT ME IF YOU ARE WILLING TO WRESTLE ME. OTHERWISE, DO NOT CONTACT ME."							
Toilet Trees	I live in the woods nearby and I've run out of toiletries. Would someone please make a delivery? 							
A Dance	"I'm looking for a dance partner, so I can practice before this season's festival."							
A Festival	I'm looking for a dance partner to accompany me to the festival. Dance skills preferred.							
Holes!	"I keep falling in holes! Where did they come from? Why are there so many? Please, someone fill in these holes."							
Holes. 	Looking for help digging holes. Need a lot of holes very quickly. Please contact if interested.							
White Rabbit	Looking for a fellow mycophile to join me on a mushroom hunt.							
White Rabbit?	"I saw the most beautiful white rabbit the other day, but I haven't seen it since. I must see this rabbit again!"							
White Rabbit!	Looking for a backup singer for my band. Any takers? (We aren't very good)							
Archery Practice	"I think I'm a good shot, but I don't have very many arrows. Can someone collect them for me so I don't have to do all this running?"							
A Sudden Tapping	Dripping! There's a dripping from underneath my floorboards! A tell-tale sign of water damage. Help me find the leak?							
